20220307 release (#1147)
publiccodenet/about: organization/affiliates.md

---
type: resource
---

# Affiliates

The Foundation for Public Code is a member-owned association that exists in an ecosystem of affiliates and [partners](partnerships.md).
Affiliates are non-profit organizations whose work aligns with ours and that help us to [achieve our mission](https://about.publiccode.net/organization/mission.html).
Read more about [becoming an affiliate](../activities/creating-affiliations/index.md).

These are our affiliates:

* [OW2](https://www.ow2.org/)
* [OASC](https://oascities.org/)
* [Associació de Software Lliure Decidim](https://decidim.org) (Decidim Free Software Association)

> We are also founding members of [OSPO Alliance](https://ospo.zone/).

Author: ```suggestion
We are also a founding member of [OSPO Alliance](https://ospo.zone/).
```

Author: Would this be better?
